This sets it up for the project.
This is the project here where you're working for data one.
Basically you're just trying to get results like this,
where you can get bounding boxes around these parked cars and this truck passing you.
Then for the segmentation and clustering functions,
what you're actually going to be using is
the code that we were talking about in the previous lessons,
so you'll be implementing these from scratch.
In those lessons we're telling you how to do that and
basically you remember you're actually implementing RANSAC from scratch,
and that's how you're able to do the segmentation.
Then you're also implementing your own k-d tree,
and then implementing including clustering,
so you can use that code to process this and do the clustering yourself.
That's what the final project will entail.
Then, yes, it's trying to get results that look like this and capture the scene.